Add information about Apache Hop, remove Kettle (#368)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/data-import/relational-to-graph-import.adoc

*3)* link:https://neo4j.com/labs/etl-tool/[ETL Tool^]: Neo4j Labs UI tool that translates relational to graph from a JDBC connection.
Allows bulk data import for large data sets with a fast performance and simple user experience.

> *4)* link:https://medium.com/@samuel.second/apache-hop-connecting-to-neo4j-using-environments-e6839c279de0[Apache Hop^]: open-source tool for enterprise-scale data export and import.

Reviewer: This post isn't featured in the Medium developer blog. I see that the author works for Neo4j but it could be weird for readers to use that as a reference if it's not also featured in https://medium.com/neo4j

Author: why should blog posts be featured in the Medium dev/blog? Is there a rule or a guideline to link only to the Medium developer blogs?
And what do you suggest to do? To remove it?

Reviewer: It's just that generally we don't use external links, and in case we use them, they need to be official (as in content created by an official source). Maybe this one works? https://hop.apache.org/manual/latest/technology/neo4j/index.html

> *4)* link:https://medium.com/@samuel.second/apache-hop-connecting-to-neo4j-using-environments-e6839c279de0[Apache Hop^]: open-source tool for enterprise-scale data export and import.

Author: ```suggestion
*4)* link:https://medium.com/@samuel.second/apache-hop-connecting-to-neo4j-using-environments-e6839c279de0[Apache Hop^]: open-source tool for enterprise-scale data export and import.
Note that this import option is not supported officially.
```

* Blog post: https://medium.com/neo4j/tap-into-hidden-connections-translating-your-relational-data-to-graph-d3a2591d4026[Translating Relational Data to Graph^]
* Source code: https://github.com/neo4j-contrib/neo4j-etl[Github project^]

[#neo4j-apache-hop]
== Apache Hop

> Apache Hop, an abbreviation for Hop Orchestration Platform, serves as a data orchestration and data engineering platform, designed to facillitate all aspects of data flows creation and management. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Hop, an abbreviation for Hop Orchestration Platform, is a data orchestration and data engineering platform.
It was designed to facilitate creation and management of data flow.
```

> The source code from the link:https://github.com/mattcasters/hop-neo4j[Neo4j Apache Hop^] project has been integrated into Apache Hop framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code from the link:https://github.com/mattcasters/hop-neo4j[Neo4j Apache Hop^] project has been integrated into the Apache Hop framework.
```

> If you download a recent version, you get the most recent version of the Neo4j plugins as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recent versions include the Neo4j plugins as well.
```

> Using Apache Hop, you can load large datasets in Neo4j, update graphs, and get logging information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Apache Hop, you can load large datasets in Neo4j, update graphs, and get logging information.
```

=== Apache Hop resources

> * Documentation: link:https://hop.apache.org/manual/latest/technology/neo4j/index.html[Apache Hop Neo4j^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Documentation*: link:https://hop.apache.org/manual/latest/technology/neo4j/index.html[Apache Hop Neo4j^]
```

> * Neo4j plugins: link:https://github.com/apache/hop[Use Apache Hop with Neo4j^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Neo4j plugins*: link:https://github.com/apache/hop[Use Apache Hop with Neo4j^]
```

> * Blog post: link:https://www.know-bi.be/blog/5-minutes-to-write-to-neo4j-with-apache-hop[5 minutes to load data to Neo4j and other graph databases with Apache Hop^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Tutorial*: link:https://www.know-bi.be/blog/5-minutes-to-write-to-neo4j-with-apache-hop[5 minutes to load data to Neo4j and other graph databases with Apache Hop^]
```

* Blog post: https://medium.com/neo4j/tap-into-hidden-connections-translating-your-relational-data-to-graph-d3a2591d4026[Translating Relational Data to Graph^]
* Source code: https://github.com/neo4j-contrib/neo4j-etl[Github project^]

[#neo4j-apache-hop]

> == Apache Hop

Author: Probably it's a good idea to mention somewhere that integration with Apache Hop is not supported officially. What do you think, @lidiazuin?

Apache Hop, an abbreviation for Hop Orchestration Platform, is a data orchestration and data engineering platform.
It was designed to facilitate creation and management of data flow.

The source code from the link:https://github.com/mattcasters/hop-neo4j[Neo4j Apache Hop^] project has been integrated into the Apache Hop framework.
Recent versions include the Neo4j plugins as well.

> With Apache Hop, you can load large datasets in Neo4j, update graphs, and get logging information.

Author: ```suggestion
With Apache Hop, you can load large datasets in Neo4j, update graphs, and get logging information.

[NOTE]
====
Note that this tool is community-contributed and not supported officially.
====  
```

=== Apache Hop resources
* *Documentation*: link:https://hop.apache.org/manual/latest/technology/neo4j/index.html[Apache Hop Neo4j^]
* *Neo4j plugins*: link:https://github.com/apache/hop[Use Apache Hop with Neo4j^]

> * *Tutorial*: link:https://www.know-bi.be/blog/5-minutes-to-write-to-neo4j-with-apache-hop[5 minutes to load data to Neo4j and other graph databases with Apache Hop^]

Author: If we have to link only to the Medium dev.blogs, we have to remove this resource as well.
